Reword a definition in Accuracy article (#4060)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Accuracy/en.md

<!-- TODO: images could be in a more friendly font, wording is sometimes too... wordy -->

> Accuracy is a percent measure of a player's ability to hit [hit objects](/wiki/Hit_Objects) on-time. There are three types of accuracy that a player can have: the beatmap's accuracy, which is dependent on hit scores gained; the player's overall accuracy, which is weighed to allow better scores to stand out more; and the player's [Performance Points (pp)](/wiki/Performance_Points) accuracy, which is dependent on the submitted score's accuracy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accuracy is a percentile measurement of a player's ability to hit [hit objects](/wiki/Hit_object) on-time. There are three types of accuracy that a player can have: the beatmap's accuracy, which is dependent on hit scores gained; the player's overall accuracy, which is weighed to allow better scores to stand out more; and the player's [Performance Points (pp)](/wiki/Performance_Points) accuracy, which is dependent on the submitted score's accuracy.
```

> Accuracy is a percent measureme of a player's ability to hit [hit objects](/wiki/Hit_Objects) on-time. There are three types of accuracy that a player can have: the beatmap's accuracy, which is dependent on hit scores gained; the player's overall accuracy, which is weighed to allow better scores to stand out more; and the player's [Performance Points (pp)](/wiki/Performance_Points) accuracy, which is dependent on the submitted score's accuracy.

Reviewer 2: There is a typo on measureme, needs to be measurement
